Nothing can separate us
from the love of Christ.
-Neither life nor death--
-Kyle.
All right. Don't you lose hope, Maddie.
I know who you are, and I know
you know I can't let you back there.
-If I could just talk to Howie--
-Dr. Townsend, please.
I understand. If I had any news
I could share with you, I would,
but I don't.
Hey, no news on Kyle yet?
What did you find out?
Well, Howie's back there,
and there's no better doctor
in the county, including me, so…
Oh God.
Annie, call me, please. Please!
-Mom?
-Annie.
-Annie!
-Tyler!
I'm so sorry! I'm so, so sorry.
I'm just so glad you're okay.
We tried to find him,
and then we saw the car.
Is… is Kyle all right?
We're waiting to hear.
-I'm okay. I'm really okay!
-Oh my God!
We've been calling and calling!
-I left my phone at Jackson's.
-Why?
We're waiting to hear word on Kyle
and your sister.
-I better call my parents.
-They've been called.
Do you, um…
do you know where CeCe is?
I'm pretty sure Simon took her home.
-We wanted to find Kyle and Nellie--
-What happened, Jackson?
Tyler, what happened?
How in all that is holy did your brother
and Nellie wind up in your car?
I'm not sure how to explain that.
Crazy. Things just got crazy.
-Helen. You okay?
I don't even know what's going on.
We're waiting to hear from the doctors.
-Hey, uh, you good?
-As good as I can be.
You?
-The hell's wrong with your boy?
-Bite your tongue, Lewis.
-You don't--
-Bill, please.
I talked to Chief Bolden.
My next call is to my lawyer.
Before you know the truth?
Okay, Bill, Trent, pretty sure
this isn't the time or the place.
Ronnie, what in the hell
are you doing here?
Looking after my family.
Same as we all are.
-Mom.
-What did you do to your sister?
Hey, he really tried to stop Nellie.
That part is not his fault.
Did I invite you into this conversation,
young lady?
-Hey!
-Mama, don't talk to her like that.
Spit it out.
What did you do?
Ms. Lewis, you should let
the admitting nurse know
that you and Trent are here.
Y'all want me to wait for the facts?
Somebody better start coughing 'em up!
The doctors are back
with Nellie and Kyle right now.
They'll come out
when they have something to tell.
And what do you wanna tell me?
You said I could have
people over after prom.
That's an answer?
There was an argument at the party,
and some people wanted to leave.
An argument about what?
-Lots of things.
-Nothing.
Okay, where is everyone else?
Home safe. Kyle and Nellie
were the only ones who took off.
How did Kyle get your car?
Parking was tight,
so I just left my keys in the visor.
Nellie jumped in with him, Dad.
Why in the devil would Kyle do that?
Was he drinking?
-No, of course--
-No, Jackson was the only one drinking.
-Wanna tell that to Chief Bolden, Trent?
-Son?
-I'm sorry, Jackson.
-Don't apologize to him. He started it.
-Drinking?
-Fighting.
No, sir. You and your dweeb brother
got into it all on your own.
-Hey.
-What?
Howie?
-Howie, how's my baby?
-Nellie's gonna be fine.
She has some abrasions and lacerations
and a deep bruise from the seat belt.
-Glad she was wearing it.
And Kyle?
Kyle's injuries are more extensive
but not life-threatening.
Thank God.
-He's with the orthopedist now.
-Orthopedist?
Manal Ahmed. She'll be out soon
to talk with you. They were very lucky.
-Howie, when can we see Nellie?
-They're dressing her lacerations.
Claudia, could you take Mayor
and Mrs. Lewis to see their daughter?
You can follow me.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
You'll have to wait here for Dr. Ahmed.
I know it's hard,
but you have to be patient a bit longer.
Manal is exceptional,
and Kyle couldn't be in better hands.
She'll be out in a moment
to walk you through the entire situation.
-Situation.
-Bill, please.
This is all on you,
you worthless piece of--
You're gonna blame me for your girlfriend?
Some things are actually your fault.
-Your innocent act sucks.
-Maybe CeCe can kick your ass again!
-Enough!
No!
-Tyler.
-Ty!
Howie?
Take it easy.
Get up! Ty, get up. He's fine.
-Back off, Jackson!
-I didn't mean to do that.
Bill, just get away!
Haven't you done enough?
And the car on top of everything else?
Just get away!
-I'll call for a wheelchair.
-No need. On three.
Three, two, one.
I got ya. I got ya. Come on.
Kyle--
I'll wait for word
and then find you and Tyler.
I need to talk to you, soon.
Well, now you seem to be the root of all
that's going wrong tonight, young man.
Bill! Come on. Let's all just simmer down.
No, Ronnie, you're a footnote
on the list of people I wanna talk to--
He is trying to save you
from adding fuel to the fire, Bill!
Can we all slow this down?
Regain our bearings.
Dr. Townsend?
Dr. Ahmed.
How's Kyle?
Asking for his mom?
Yeah, she's with, um…
She'll be along shortly.
What can you tell me in the meantime?
Kyle's main injury is
a full dislocation of the right patella.
There is looseness in the ACL,
indicating a tear,
but it's not torn completely.
That's good news.
-I'd like to do an MRI.
-You're concerned?
Thoroughness.
There's no indication of paralysis
or trauma-induced weakness,
but there is extreme tenderness
in the lumbar region.
And I would like to keep him overnight
because he does present with a concussion.
Sure, yeah.
Um…
-Can I see him before he goes up?
-Of course. I'll take you back.
Okay.
Oh, I suddenly wanna throw up.
Well, it's nerves.
Well, I'll, uh, hold your hair back
like the old days.
This is no time to joke.
Well, look, we gotta laugh, scream, cry,
or we'll all explode, you know?
Annie, come here, baby.
Come here.
Okay, obviously
we need to talk about a lot,
but I want you to know
that I love you.
I'm so grateful that you're okay.
-I tried, Mom.
-What?
To do the right thing,
say the right thing.
Everything just went wrong anyway.
Yeah.
Life gets like that, baby girl.
Hmm?
Hey, I'm really proud of you.
You did the best you could, okay?
It's a "good" fracture,
in that it's clean
and should heal in four to six weeks.
What?
What? What?
Yeah, I understand your distress,
but you have to give it the time it needs
so it heals properly.
Coach, what… what are we gonna do?
We're gonna listen to the doctor.
No, I don't wanna listen to her!
No, I don't wanna listen to any of you!
Just get out!
-Tyler.
-Everyone, get out!
Perhaps y'all could give me
just a moment with Ty?
-Come on.
There we go. Thank you.
Maddie, you let me know
if I can do anything for any of you.
Much appreciated, Erik.
I'm gonna get out of your hair.
My prayers stay with you.
Thank you.
Thanks for all of the updates.
You didn't have to come back.
I told you I could close up.
This doesn't look like closing up. Uh…
No, this is waiting
for the pecan tarts to be done.
You're baking at this hour?
You said it was the thing to do
when nothing made sense.
-Hey, the kids are gonna be okay.
-I know. It's, um… it's not that.
Dana Sue isn't my mother.
Wait.
You asked her?
Yeah. This old boyfriend of hers came by,
and I got all excited
and figured that this is the answer
because she's been so amazing,
and I really wanted her to be my mom.
I get it.
She's a special lady.
I love it here. And if I've made
things weird, and I have to leave--
Pecan tarts?
Yeah, my grandmama's favorite.
What did Dana Sue say when you asked her?
She was flattered
and that she and her friends
would help me find my birth mother.
You see, now?
It's all good, nothing weird.
Love and grace,
that's what you get from those three.
I bet they're quite skilled
at digging up some secrets
when they set their minds to it.
Well, they are special ladies.
Yes, they are.
Yeah, that batch smells done.
Sure.
Mom.
Hey, sweet boy.
-Mm, I messed up.
-We can talk about that later.
Sorry about your car.
Don't even think about it.
Glad you're in one piece.
I ruined it. I ruined everything.
He's medicated, Ty.
Kyle, honey, this can wait.
Ty, talk to me.
Man, your arm. Did I do that?
I didn't mean to hurt you.
You'll do better if you lie still.
You didn't do this,
so chill on that count.
Wow. Can't go to State with a broken arm.
Sucks, dude.
Why don't you take Tyler home, Maddie?
What? No. No, I'm staying here with Kyle.
Maybe you could…
No, Kyle should sleep through the night.
It's what his body needs.
Take Tyler, okay?
Check in on Katie and your mom. I'll stay.
It's the least I can do for all of you.
Call me, either of you,
if anything changes,
and I will be back
first thing in the morning.
I hope you can get
some sleep tonight, okay, son?
-Hot chocolate?
-Oh yeah! Ah!
Even, uh, snuck in
a little peppermint too.
Hope you still like that.
Thanks, Dad.
For this, for bringing me home,
for not yelling at me.
Mm.
I don't see how
you did anything wrong here, kiddo.
I just keep feeling, I don't know,
like I should have stopped them.
Or gotten through to them
or done something different at some point.
I don't know.
Hey, we never wanna see the people
we care about in pain, all right?
And we could try our darndest
to keep them from getting hurt.
Just because you don't want it to happen,
it doesn't make it your fault it did.
All right?
Love you.
Hit the hay.
I'll, uh, stay up till your mom gets here.
-No way I'm sleeping. I'm too wired.
-Okay, then.
-What?
You know, I'm just thinking about
this little girl who would always say,
"Daddy, I'm never going to sleep."
But I'd get out a book,
and I'd start to read and,
bam, out like a light.
Yeah, my voice is magic, or it's boring.
No way. I loved it.
Curled up on the couch listening to you,
that always made me feel safe.
Glad to know it.
Oh.
All right. What do we have?
Okay.
"It is truth universally acknowledged
that a single man
in possession of a good fortune
must be in want of a wife."
What?
You don't have to agree. Just read.
No, I was just… I was just thinking,
well, you're my fortune.
"However little known the feelings
or views of such a man
may be on his first entering
a neighborhood,
this truth is so well fixed in the minds
of the surrounding families
that he is considered
as the rightful property…"
It's times like this
I wish my mama were still here.
Man, I would look her in the eye
and apologize for every single time
I made her worry.
You were a good daughter.
I dunno.
And you have a good daughter.
Yeah.
It's been a bad night!
-Yeah.
But morning's coming, and, uh,
everyone will mend eventually.
Yeah, I know. It's…
it's that I keep, like…
I keep thinking about my baby girl,
and I don't…
-I don't even-- You know…
-Dana Sue. Don't swallow the storm.
If I let this out…
Lord help me.
I would ask what else could go wrong,
but I'm not sure I wanna know.
You are holding up beautifully,
my dear.
I hate how quiet the house is. It just…
Even when all the kids are here
and they're asleep, it sounds different.
With just Tyler here, it sounds
wrong.
Shall we turn on some music?
We can sing and recite poetry.
-We could play charades. Or poker.
I do not know
how I could get there from here.
Get some sleep.
Few good decisions
are made between midnight and dawn.
And we're here, with you,
you know, as long as you need us.
Forever?
That can be arranged.
Yeah.
Hey, how are
Maddie and the boys?
Um, just gonna take some time.
Yeah, with Annie too.
Over here.
Did Annie say something?
Yeah. She's, um…
she's feeling responsible somehow.
This is all on the boys.
I think she was just trying to express
how frustrating it is
when you wanna help someone and you can't.
And I… I don't mean to upset you
by saying something.
I just thought I'd share with you.
No, you're good. Thank you for telling me.
We're both gonna look after
our little girl, you know?
No matter where we are with each other.
And where is that, exactly?
Merciful heaven,
Ronnie Sullivan…
…we're not picking up
that conversation tonight.
Or this morning or whatever it is.
You are busier than a cat
in a room full of rocking chairs,
and you keep adding chairs.
Why don't I stay in town
and help you through it all?
While respecting
any and all boundaries you draw.
Besides… Annie and I
didn't get all that far in the book,
and I need to make sure
ol' Lizzie Bennet is making good choices.
Nana let me use her special art pens.
And she checked my spelling.
Aw.
She didn't need much help
once we swapped out
the word "recuperate" for "heal."
Well, these are wonderful.
Thank you both.
Your brothers are gonna love them.
Made you one too, Mommy.
Thank you, sweetie! But I am fine.
No, you're sad,
and I don't want you to be sad.
Even though it's okay to be sad sometimes.
Baby.
Can I go see Ty?
Yes, but tiptoe.
And if he is sleeping, do not wake him up.
-Okay.
What did I do
to deserve such an amazing daughter?
A question I ask myself every day.
Oh, Mom, I should have seen this coming.
I will not listen to such nonsense.
And on the Lord's day?
The best mother in the world
cannot protect her child from every hurt.
She can only be there
to help her child work through the pain.
And she does,
over and over again.
This looks like all roads
lead to Kyle this morning.
Yeah, I was just coming by
to check on him before I went to church.
Oh, church.
I don't know if I'm ready for that.
You mean all the questions
and the attitudes
from the people at church?
Don't you worry.
I will go. I will spread good information.
And I will try to control the flood
of casseroles that are coming your way.
-Thank you.
-I'm gonna head in.
-Okay.
You all right?
Excuse me. That's my question for you.
I just… You and Howie
were in quite the conversation.
I was just telling him how lucky
we all are to have him as a doctor
and as a friend.
Hm. Mm.
Why don't you go on in and be with Kyle?
I will go pray up a storm,
and, uh, I'll come by later
to check on him.
-And you.
-Mm.
-And Ty.
-Thank you for everything.
-Aw.
Always.
-Good morning!
Hey. You know, there's no disgrace
in making a second trip
or letting me know you're here, all right?
Let me grab this.
I should've called and made sure
your staff was here to help with hauling.
Well, they had a late night
or early morning,
so I just told them to roll in easy.
Everybody okay?
Uh, actually, no.
But they will be, thank the merciful Lord.
But you know what?
I don't wanna get into it right now,
and I'd really like to think about
something else.
So why don't you show me what you've got?
I have everything you need.
Oh.
Well, I do like 'em firm.
More important, they're sweet.
Uh…
Good morning!
-It would seem to be!
-Didn't mean to interrupt.
-Y'all can come back in here.
-They can?
Morning, Chef. Sorry, Jeremy.
Yes, they can come in, and you have to go,
or I won't get a lick of work done.
Here I thought we were working right well.
It's your kitchen, your rules.
-Gentlemen.
-Jeremy.
We, uh, didn't expect to see you here.
Ronnie's with Annie.
She's sleeping in, you know,
which is sometimes the best medicine, so…
Y'all gonna smirk at me all day?
Uh, maybe just till the end of brunch.
Where's the ambition? Dinner.
All right, fine, then.
Y'all have your fun.
-'Cause it is so worth it.
-Ooh.
First one to make a nectarine joke
cleans the grill with a toothbrush.
Might be so worth it.
Thanks for the card, Katie.
I'll make you one every day
till you come home.
-Do we know when that's gonna be?
-No, not yet.
Kyle, I can understand
what happened last night,
but for the life of me,
I can't understand why.
Mom said we could talk later.
My leg hurts. When's my next pill?
Good morning. Mind if I join you?
Pastor June,
how lovely to see you!
Thanks for coming by.
Oh, I can take these. Thank you.
I'm sorry we didn't make it to church
this morning.
You are right where you need to be.
And when people can't come to worship,
I am more than happy
to bring worship to them.
Good morning, Kyle.
Helen shared with me
what happened to you and your brother,
so I came to check on you.
Glad you have
your whole family here with you.
We're gonna get them both back to 100%.
Didn't have to come
just to see me, Pastor.
Truth be told, Kyle, I call
at the hospital every Sunday afternoon
to see Prince of Peace folks.
Gladys McLean had her hip replaced
on Friday, so she's my next visit.
I just figured you're here to tell me
how God forgives me, all that stuff.
Kyle.
I hoped you already knew "all that stuff."
I did.
Maybe the harder thing today
is to forgive yourself or someone else.
-Let's all forgive each other.
-Not how this works, Katie.
Isn't it though?
Why don't we all take a moment
as a group, a… a family,
and lay down our burdens,
fear, regret, anger,
and open up our hearts
to receive forgiveness and love?
Maddie, what's going on?
Go back in there, Bill.
Well, that's not an answer.
'Cause I don't have one.
What if I can't forgive you?
What if I don't want to?
Let's stay focused on the boys.
I am focused on the boys,
and every time I try to figure out
when things started falling apart…
God may be able to forgive you,
but I can't.
I might be able to one day because I know
that's what I'm supposed to do,
but even then, I need you to understand
I am never taking you back.
We're done.
Finished. Over.
-Uh…
I should have stayed with you.
Not at all.
I'm just sorry
the night ended the way it did.
I had a really great time up until then.
Me too.
I wish I wasn't leaving for DC so soon,
but my cousin's internship starts
before mine, and if I don't drive up--
Don't apologize. I'm so excited for you.
I mean, working on Capitol Hill,
that's crazy cool!
You're gonna learn so much
and have so much fun.
-I'll miss you.
-No, you won't.
Text me anytime something cool happens
and tell me all about it. Please.
Promise.
Ah! You are a sight for sore eyes!
I am so glad to see you, Cal.
Oh, and, uh, I know someone else
who will be too.
I didn't know that your culinary skills
extended to casseroles.
Here's the thing.
Do my eyes deceive me…
…or is that Wharton's pizza
cut into squares?
-It… it wouldn't fit otherwise.
-Oh!
And extra pepperoni?
I'm pretty sure the road to heaven
is paved in pepperoni.
Trotter and Harlan both told me
that the proper Southern thing
was to bring a casserole,
but I thought
maybe Katie would want something
other than meatloaf and chicken divan.
Oh, extra points.
I'll go let Katie know
while, um, you two, uh, talk.
Ty's upstairs.
How's he doing?
Still working through
that he's not going to State.
Yeah, he must be heartbroken.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, you could… you could go on up.
He's kinda hard to lure down
these days…
…although pizza may help.
I do wanna talk to him,
but I wanna check on you first,
see how you're doing.
And I mean that just as a friend,
in case that's all we are right now.
Okay.
I know that I did not handle
the scout situation well.
Uh, that's not what I'm saying, please.
No, I know that you are not digging
for an apology…
…although you do deserve one.
-I could have handled it better.
-No, I understand.
Here is the thing.
You pushed a lot of buttons
that Bill installed,
and you had no way of knowing,
and I could have been
more clear or patient.
I could have been, um,
more of a team player.
You stood up for your son.
I respect that.
My boys and I have a steep hill to climb.
I would welcome the company on the journey
if you're still interested.
I'm already imagining
the beautiful scenery.
You know the best part
of me being a teacher?
You have things that you wanna teach me?
-Oh, absolutely.
I think I have a list somewhere,
which is why I am glad
that I have the whole summer for you
to focus on the things that I care about,
including you.
Thank you.
What are some of the other things?
I mean, I can help you at the spa,
with the kids.
Your mom is frighteningly self-sufficient,
so she's not gonna make the list.
I appreciate that. I really do.
And I am really glad
that we get to spend more time together.
Unfortunately,
I do not have a summer vacation.
You're absolutely right.
Sorry, I just, uh…
I've never actually
had a summer off before.
I'll find something
worthwhile to do, promise.
No. No, I didn't…
I didn't mean it like that.
Don't do it for me.
Do it for you.
I'll do it for both of us.
Better make
yourselves presentable.
I'm about to open the door,
and God only knows who might be coming in.
Well, I'm glad to know
that some folks in this house are healthy.
And, um, It's good to know
that you two are working things out.
Hey, Helen, what's in your casserole?
-Mama Decatur's lemon bars.
-My favorite!
It is what I always bring
to such a situation.
My mama taught me to bring bars
because everyone else
is bringing hearty meals and vegetables.
Oh, or pizza!
Who brought…
Hmm.
And… …she believed
that sweets soothe
the soul like nothing else can.
Mamas know all the secrets.
Mm.
I heard the poor boy
may not walk again. Is that true?
I'm sure
your amazingly detailed questions
are coming from a place of love.
I'll be sure and pass along
your best wishes to Maddie and her family.
Have a great workout!
Thank you!
Helen…
…please save me from the jackdaws!
Are you being besieged by wagging tongues
and vivid imaginations?
Eh…
I'm thinking of posting a sign here
that says, "Maddie needs your prayers,
not your gossip."
I shudder to think
what the Serenity rumor mill
is gonna do with all this.
Well, if I didn't care so much
about Maddie and her boys,
I might be impressed by how quickly
myths and legends about last night
have sprung up.
The devil may make work for idle hands,
but he accomplishes even more
with empty minds.
There's a whole collection of those
headed to the yoga studio,
just so you know.
Thanks for the warning,
but I'm about to head out.
Are you all right
pulling double duty yet again?
Double duty is starting to feel
like regular duty,
and I thank y'all for trusting me with it.
And I'll do whatever else is needed.
Just say the word.
Bless you, Trotter.
How can I help you today
with any spa-related question?
-Well, hi, Helen.
-Hey.
Good afternoon.
Am I catching you
at a nice time for a little chat?
No, nothing's wrong. Nothing's wrong.
You're not hearing anything in my voice,
except, um, maybe how much I miss you,
Mama.
If you're so sure
that you're hearing something,
maybe I should just stop talking,
and you can just let me know
how your week has been.
Yeah. Well, I wouldn't trust a woman
who puts raisins
in her potato salad either.
I'm awake, Dr. Ahmed.
Nellie! Hey.
I just wanted to be sure you were alone.
Is it all right I'm here?
I… I don't know. Is it?
Are you okay?
Better than you are.
Yeah, good.
I mean, good for you. I'm not as good.
My parents wouldn't tell me anything,
and people at church were saying
the craziest things…
…so I had to come see you for myself.
My parents went to lunch with the Cleggs,
and I need to get home before they do,
so I can't stay.
It's a get-well present.
Go on. You can open it.
It's Ghost: In the Smoke and Din.
It's about this assassin
who can't remember who she is,
but she was so good at being invisible
that she starts to believe
that she's actually a ghost.
And there are these people
who can see her,
and I hope you like it.
Sounds awesome. Thanks.
It's okay, Kyle.
It's not, Nellie. I did this whole thing.
-I just wanted to help you.
-And that means a lot, okay?
But then I turn around, and I could…
I could have hurt you.
But you didn't.
And I just wanted you to know
I'm… I'm not mad about it.
My parents are.
But I'm not.
I forgive you.
Get better, Kyle.
Grilled catfish
and your taco platter.
Isaac, why don't you get
the lamb shanks prepped
while I look after the orange roughy?
-No problem.
-Well, hello there.
-Good afternoon.
-Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Chef ran home to check on Annie,
but she should be back soon.
Okay, thank you.
It's a pleasure to have you visit.
You don't have to pitch in.
I just got off the phone
with my mother,
and I now have a hankering to cook
that will not be denied.
So put me to work, Chef!
I made pecan tarts last night
because I miss my grandmother.
When I cook one of my grandmama's recipes,
it's like conjuring her up
so she can stand beside me
and tell me I'm stingy with my spices.
You do not strike me as a man
with that issue.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Or did talking to your mama sort it out?
I'm fine, for the moment.
But I'm glad to know
that I can call on you
if I stop being fine.
You're required to do so.
Okay, so what are we doing?
-Pour it out.
-God bless us and everyone.
How's, um… how's Ty?
Well, he's still grappling with the fact
that he can't go to State.
And Kyle?
Still grappling with the fact
that it could have been so much worse.
-Amen.
-I'm still trying to take it in.
I don't even know what to do.
Then if Trent and Mary Vaughn
sue us on top of everything else, I--
Don't you add
another ounce of worry to that.
I will deal with Trent,
if there's actually anything
to his hollering, which I doubt there is.
Thank you. I will take one less worry.
And then Dr. Ahmed called me
and said Kyle
is gonna be coming home in a wheelchair.
Oh!
Because he hurt his back
along with his knee.
Will you need a ramp?
Skeeter will have a crew out here
in a hot minute if you do.
Yeah. No, I'll ask her.
After I talk to Principal Puckett
about what I'm doing.
And then Ty…
-Oh. Oh, stop it. Just stop me!
How are you two? I would love to hear
about someone else's life for a second.
Well, here's one for you. Uh, Isaac Downey
wants me to be his mother.
What?
Well, last night, right before,
he was telling me that he's adopted,
and he's looking for his birth mother,
and he thought it might be me.
-Why? No offense, of course.
-He clearly has excellent taste.
It's a really sweet thing. All he knows
is that his birth mother is from Serenity,
so I promised him that we would
help him figure out who she is.
Of course we will. How old is he?
Twenty-two.
I'm trying to remember
any failed marriages around then.
Well, maybe it wasn't an affair.
Maybe she was just a single mom.
I have been racking my brain,
but I have yet to come up with a suspect.
Every once in a while,
this town can keep a secret.
-It doesn't mean we can't uncover it.
I really would love to help him.
I mean, he is
such a… a good young man, you know?
And I don't… I don't know
what I would do without him and Erik.
How did Erik know to come to the hospital?
-He was with me when you called.
-Oh!
Oh, stop it!
He brought me brownies because someone…
Oh.
…told him that Ryan left.
I mean, I have heard
of wooing with chocolate…
…but brownies
are a lovely elevation.
There's no wooing!
He's just being a good friend, that's all.
Just because the two of you
have man-nonsense going on,
you needn't put that on me.
Man-nonsense? What are you talking about?
Maybe I'm talking about you and Cal,
and maybe I'm talking about this one
and all of her men.
-Okay.
So, Serenity's cutest couple
is back on track?
Oh, I thought that title
was currently held by you and Jeremy?
Oh wait, no, maybe you and Ronnie.
-No. No!
Ronnie and me is a practical thing.
Jeremy and me is probably
an impractical thing.
I don't know.
I… I gotta figure it all out,
but… I don't know,
it kinda has been nice to have Ronnie to,
you know, help Annie with…
How is Annie? She sure has had
a front-row seat to all this.
Hasn't she though.
Dana Sue?
Can we not talk
about this tonight, please?
Well, it kinda seems like we have to.
No. No, because it's all
I have been thinking about.
See, all I can picture
when I close my eyes, to so much as blink,
is that my kid
could have been in that car.
-But how can I say that when you--
-You just say it.
Lord knows I don't wanna take away
from anything
that you are going through right now,
but I just…
She is all I have.
That is it.
And she has been through so much,
and she's always been there
for those boys.
So why is it always the loyal one,
the faithful friend,
who's supposed to absorb
every twist and kick that life delivers
and still come up smiling
when she deserves some attention?
And she deserves some concern
because being the strong one
is exhausting!
-Dana Sue--
-No. No one gets that!
Dana Sue,
we need to talk this out.
It's been a rough couple of days, just--
I think I'm gonna go home
and, uh… and be with my daughter.
Dana Sue.
It's…
Well, that caught me napping.
When was the last time one of us
walked out on a margarita night?
-It's been quite a while.
-Should I go after her?
I don't think so.
I mean,
it's not like Kyle would ever hurt anyone.
He'd never deliberately hurt anyone.
I would never hurt anyone.
-I'm just trying to hold it together--
-You take a breath and take a sip.
-Take a sip with me.
-No, no, I'm…
Goodness, I'm all right.
Are you saying I'm wrong?
No, no.
I'm saying that I'm pregnant.